docs: restructure and apply diataxis to OCI docs (#213)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: oci/oci-explanation/index.rst

.. _oci-explanation:

***********
Explanation
***********

> This section of the documentation covers the definitions of the Ubuntu and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you'll find the definitions of the Ubuntu and
```
